# Online-Pet-Accessories-System
Online Pet Accessories System using HTML, CSS and PHP
Pet Accessories Management System is a well organized online buying and selling of pet products. The process of Pet Accessories Management System is fully based on online, and the process for this mainly depends on the interaction between the buyer and seller, buyer who enters the site for purchasing pet products will use a search engine for purchasing, the search engine will mainly focus on the database process, it is used to search the pet products for the buyer who mentioned the pet product name and certain details in the site, so that the search engine will show many pet products according to the match. A new user needs to sign up using new username and password, then he/she should login using the already registered username and password after which only he/she can perform any operations such as searching for the required pet products, ordering products and so on. Then the registered user can order the product by adding the necessary product to cart by clicking on add to cart option, then from cart page he/she place order or else can continue shopping by clicking on continue shopping button. He/She will be directed to the welcome page from there they can again continue shopping, they can order any number of the same product according to the stock available, also can order different products simultaneously at one order. There will be a place order option, which on selecting will make delivery of the ordered pet product to home and payment must be done as cash on delivery i.e.., during the product delivery. Pet Accessories Management System is an efficient and effective way for buying and selling of pet products online, which is very useful for the buyers to buy. This reduces the travelling time of the buyers to buy the required pet products. The aim of Pet Accessories Management System is to simplify and enhance the overall shopping experience. Pet Accessories Management System make the shopping process more interactive and engaging online, this also made the purchasing of pet products online efficiently.

